github_username: "xdrophunter"
discord_id: "1410638808113741987"
timestamp: "2025-08-28"

Developer

Name: Xdrop Hunter

GitHub: @xdrophunter

Discord: xdrophunter

Experience: I’ve been experimenting with Solidity and React-based dApps for a while. Previously built small testnet projects like a simple DEX and NFT marketplace. Now I want to try building a DeFi protocol on top of Soundness Layer.



---

Project

Summary

SoundFi is a simple DeFi app where users can deposit tokens to earn yield or borrow tokens by locking collateral.
It’s meant to test how lending and borrowing can run smoothly on the Soundness Layer testnet, while also exploring how zk-features can make the system safer and more transparent.

Name & Category

Project: SoundFi

Category: defi


Description

Most lending protocols are either too complex or not friendly for new users.
SoundFi tries to keep things simple:

Lenders put tokens in and earn interest.

Borrowers lock collateral and get liquidity.

If collateral value drops, the system handles liquidation.


This is mainly an experiment to show how Soundness Layer can support basic DeFi primitives.

SL Integration

Contracts deployed directly on SL testnet.

Using SL RPC for transactions & wallet connection.

Plan to test zk-verification for loan health checks in the future.



---

Technical

Architecture

Frontend: React + wagmi hooks

Smart Contracts: LendingPool + Oracle Adapter on SL

Service: Node.js listener to track events and save loan status

Storage: PostgreSQL for logs, IPFS for metadata


Features

1. Deposit & earn yield


2. Borrow with over-collateralization


3. Automatic liquidation on collateral drop




---

Timeline

PoC (2–4 weeks):

Deploy basic contracts on SL testnet

Simple UI for deposit/borrow

Wallet connection


MVP (4–8 weeks):

Oracle price feed + liquidation logic

Transaction history dashboard

User testing + demo



---

Innovation

Keep DeFi simple and beginner-friendly.

Explore zk features of Soundness Layer for more trust and transparency.

Serve as a reference project for other devs who want to build on SL.



---

Contact

Discord: @xdrophunter

Github: @xdrophunter



---

✅ Checklist

[x] Info filled

[x] GitHub matches PR author

[x] SL integration explained

[x] Timeline realistic
